## Make specificator for Printf()
- Have you ever encountered the problem of reflecting real numbers that have a different number of digits after the decimal point? If you use "%g" in the printf function and if the number has 6 or more digits, then the digits are reflected using e+002, etc. And if you use "%f", then you must specify the precision, "%.0f" or "%.3f" or "%.6f".
- In this repository you can see the makeSpecificator, which returns a pointer to the string in which the specifier is formed and which is used in the function printf().
To use the function makeSpecificator, the program defines the strSpecificator. Then a real number is passed to the function makeSpecificator and the function returns a pointer to the strSpecificator in which the specifier is formed depending on the number of digits after the decimal point. In this example, the precision is defined as 9 digits after the decimal point, but you can change this.
- In the function itself, the real number is converted to a string with 9 digits after the decimal point. Then the character of the string containing the dot is determined. This string is copied from the character containing the dot to another string, in which the elements are viewed from the end in a loop. And as soon as a character greater than '0' and less than or equal to '9' is found in the string, the loop is exited, and the number of digits after the decimal point is saved. Then the specifier itself is formed.
- The function is implemented for C and C++.
